Bestseller revision (#21)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/bestsellers.md

# Bestsellers

Bestsellers are determined based on all confirmed orders. The information how often a product was purchased is stored in Solr by a Solr plugin.
The shop owner can specify from which point a product counts as a bestseller.

Bestsellers can be displayed on Landing Pages, category pages and a bestseller page. 

## Configuration

> To enable bestsellers, set the following parameter to true:

Reviewer: You could add a file name where it should be set.

``` yaml
siso_core.default.enable_bestsellers: true
```

> In the Back Office, go to eCommerce->Configuration Settings->Miscellaneous
> 
> The following settings are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following settings are available in the eCommerce->Configuration Settings->Miscellaneous section in the Back Office:
```
